Always:
true	Python	Active Scan++
true	Java	.NET Beautifier
true	Java	Logger++
true	Python	Asset Discovery
true	Java	CMS Scanner
true	Python	Cookie Decrypter
true	Java	CSP Auditor
true	Python	Discover Reverse Tabnabbing
true	Java	GraphQL Raider
true	Java	HTML5 Auditor
true	Java	Image Metadata
true	Java	J2EEScan
true	Python	JSON/JS Beautifier
true	Java	Postman Integration
true	Java	Retire.js
true	Java	Burp-hash
true	Python	CSP-Bypass
true	Java	Reflected Parameters
true	Python	Detect Dynamic JS
true	Java	Image Size Issues
true	Python	Office Open XML Editor
true	Java	PHP Object Injection Check
true	Java	PHP Object Injection Slinger
true	Java	Same Origin Method Execution
true	Java	WAFDetect
true	Java	HTTP Request Smuggler
true	Java	SoftVReport
true	Java	VulScanner
true	Java	JSON Web Tokens
true	Python	Autorize
true	Java	Web Cache Deception Scanner
true	Java	Collaborator Everywhere
true	Java	Freedy

On Demand;
false	Java	JSON Web Token Attacker
false	Python	AWS Security Checks
false	Python	AuthMatrix
false	Java	SAML Raider
false	Java	Wsdler
false	Java	Java Deserialization Scanner
false	Java	Java Serial Killer